
We must record all meetings that we hold for the project and post their “minutes” in this folder.
Meetings Minutes file (minutes files should be named <teamName_Sprint#_meetingnumber_meetingdate>.
Document your meeting at the wiki page (recommended) of your repo or under the issues. (at least one meeting)

Please note that: We did not record owr first meeting, we should rediscuss quickly what we covered and record it for sprint 1. Amir.
